# Estratégia e Integração de BI para Atendimento à Diretoria

  Meeting started: 22/07/2025, 14:31:22
  Duration: 20 minutes
  Participants: felipe gomes, Hudson Vieira, read.ai meeting notes

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/CfwFQSABkFkTVCUMUsHp?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 05:04 Hudson Vieira: Hey, there's issuing his school kissing Issutana.
> 06:31 Hudson Vieira: spiralizing 10 data research, or not the United Essential polokai issue, my passionate about the moon
> 07:04 Hudson Vieira: Going to issue who's the quantitative? That was innovative as a passing in Decatur. It's numero help. Oh no. Hell is a valid? Awesome.
> 10:45 Hudson Vieira: See. Lego serious stupid LEGO characters. See But don't Pop goes here. Okay, this thing does get some cool moves at those shoppies. Yeah. Buddhism that I was Gonna say, See Siri on my boy, statue, massage, apple satellitis. Okay. Catch that, you know, that the systems My position will go into the sequence center. Here where he built system of disk, but you Are pointed to Do, they format. So I want you to generic calculator here.
> 11:41 Hudson Vieira: Oh, I thought that's analysis. Physical, the contrabio A hazel dialogue, sent the energy system as a telephis digital control. The Nissan Alphysical here too. At that entire community just don't use your phone which condom means to Issue a Oishi Amazon since entered talvezgar was here for buskata in the
> 12:07 Hudson Vieira: communicate, which specific computational services personalities up, cabin is achievable against color. I see so far, CEO Profazio transfer, French painted, the car comed. Volume is importantly potential cruise to yet. They said anonymous.
> 12:41 Hudson Vieira: I want you not tell you assessing for my Santa Ange your ghost. Are you?
> 18:12 Hudson Vieira: Also netspend also clean engineer operation. And Temuka says the same as important. And I mean, physical contractor has been problem. You clean something. This is attending us a stacks, okay? Very similar

  ## Transcript

  00:00 felipe gomes: Ball.
00:01 Hudson Vieira: to the bank Philippine
00:03 felipe gomes: But I said a huge Jennifer presidential election 2018.
00:10 Hudson Vieira: Because it is a bit agent. I fasten.
00:13 felipe gomes: They should follow my Quest Academy. You should speak at you quotations today and yeah, he was simply education security.
00:27 read.ai meeting notes: Jean added read.ai meeting notes to the meeting (recording enabled).

Read will generate a transcript of this meeting. Review our Terms of Service at https://read.ai/tos and Privacy Policy at https://read.ai/pp.

Type "read stop" to disable, or "opt out" to delete meeting data.
00:34 felipe gomes: Printing this organization. Divides in each token, easy. That's the color change for conversation ipg. I mean this question. If I laugh as a consultant about prices each others in the fireflies. Yes. In your second apart, you show up if you don't have energy from Sun and yeah, okay, that's a bit when children, ai prajpages analysis, daily,
01:12 Speaker: Olá, estou transcrevendo esta chamada com minha extensão Tactiq AI: https://tactiq.io/r/transcribe
01:19 felipe gomes: the last decision, which contradiction, and that's conversation here. About which we Jack foamposit which was in my PI, use anything. So if you got
01:37 Hudson Vieira: oh, You don't just anything in this activists being very serious stuff as an Ajishta Commissandra has this tests in town was connection. Daniel, No, no. No, but no part query all new incocet data flow as you teach. I starts collaboration in evgenado through Pretelligence Hfcl. As consult as an investigating the tourist depot. As you started maximizando or potato. For you. Some trouble being complexity, keep working. No homage if I consultative not alone, gonna imagine so they're different. I've seen viruses. I go see Demo Primero, pasqui Felipe is. Here that's funny. Jata. Fazil is connect science and yeah. Our domain.
02:45 Hudson Vieira: Vehicles. Give us a Lotus connection is very considered as a format. Synergy geotherapies technological education. Everybody. Gomes. Which captains 3 mutual Ganges? Produce internal ac4? Communicable? You might say good at I Know trunk, we are watching staying as each thing you could just no he's staying
03:15 felipe gomes: Concern is yatafunson. And if you multiplicative,
03:31 Hudson Vieira: here. Science. Okay, which one side for the award yet? The introduced prompt. Chief has a strips consultant average places to throw in principles. Do some For this Apache, a Pashaki. This is going to the titanically, a complexion elements.
03:54 felipe gomes: My first second. No, no.
03:57 Hudson Vieira: Some things access, the key pokémon circuit program.
04:03 felipe gomes: Thank you.
04:03 Hudson Vieira: Message, how to package most cometa.
04:06 felipe gomes: That's Acadia Brisa. French here temperatures. Which French is in there, was he creates a charge was conversation? You know, notes would say they just saw me actually through the decision to do this collected that there's something you know.
04:44 Hudson Vieira: Call that it was origin. We call that the lake he was Ai, which place?
04:48 felipe gomes: Waiting attention. To that decision. BI shot, Emily tourism. just,
05:04 Hudson Vieira: Hey, there's issuing his school kissing Issutana.
05:10 Hudson Vieira: Cafe Sudama. Savagesuki. Agency to download this passes on Instagram, you put the reality that will pass it up. AI sequence through you, the construction of data, flow notes, or not the GG karma that you propose, you Prati or G, g AI. But the poison darts Circulars Use your missile temple for this situations. Yeah. Cochle Granger Detari was that the industry. Validation key intega is throughout New Travis
05:48 felipe gomes: but,
05:50 Hudson Vieira: book about it. Okay, was that? For example, how does she's cut up political element shooting
05:53 felipe gomes: Yeah. All right. Yeah.
06:02 Hudson Vieira: for cutting? If he calling from hell, yes, from here are confident publicity and fuzzy multiconamica, post Oakman. Who is a protein is a kid in the whole channel. It is volume of our abilities. This without carry the capo, had told my secretary of our beliefs, a certain system without physical complex without a
06:29 felipe gomes: just,
06:31 Hudson Vieira: spiralizing 10 data research, or not the United Essential polokai issue, my passionate about the moon
06:36 felipe gomes: See.
06:37 Hudson Vieira: and my constant sound with Acquisitably that you use switching to talk and we are professional Utah scores design course, or something down my possibility diet, you know, so she can't as a package stuff, Don't tell this could look at. I mean, testing for my son Namoji canjavidecg. To change your carefully. We're going to order if
06:59 felipe gomes: Each one.
07:04 Hudson Vieira: Going to issue who's the quantitative? That was innovative as a passing in Decatur. It's numero help. Oh no. Hell is a valid? Awesome.
07:16 felipe gomes: He thought.
07:17 Hudson Vieira: Issu channel, which technology, okay, each monster, you know, which one or
07:27 felipe gomes: Second music.
07:31 Hudson Vieira: caraway for heaven is in the continuous sandal imperial that Sunday from a song. Imagine you know guitar instrument, okay?
07:43 felipe gomes: Right here. Our channel.
07:44 Hudson Vieira: Ask you.
08:04 Hudson Vieira: Uh-huh.
08:09 felipe gomes: A mice. You ask Don't, you will see if I said Apache magazine. Analysis, quantity is actually the formation. Much clubs in pasad is imaginative follower. So character, you know, this is properties. Actually how simple from colleges that, you processing, Portland University, that synov That the handle Air Canada, Air, Canada RISINGLY, had a security Ashok University program that I should look at Io Japan population.
08:50 Hudson Vieira: Is that? Uh-huh. Mass.
09:36 felipe gomes: on just, you know,
09:45 Hudson Vieira: ? Lego. As soon as achieving tower, they show Saturday they should model so much. You could they see Amazonia to hard to do social for Omega Amazon.
10:04 felipe gomes: Is that the mage?
10:06 Hudson Vieira: Buffet, I don't pay some Pokemon here, so there's something in that way. Housing is
10:14 felipe gomes: Then I don't put positions in. Japan is a French description. It was amazing.
10:45 Hudson Vieira: See. Lego serious stupid LEGO characters. See But don't Pop goes here. Okay, this thing does get some cool moves at those shoppies. Yeah. Buddhism that I was Gonna say, See Siri on my boy, statue, massage, apple satellitis. Okay. Catch that, you know, that the systems My position will go into the sequence center. Here where he built system of disk, but you Are pointed to Do, they format. So I want you to generic calculator here.
11:41 Hudson Vieira: Oh, I thought that's analysis. Physical, the contrabio A hazel dialogue, sent the energy system as a telephis digital control. The Nissan Alphysical here too. At that entire community just don't use your phone which condom means to Issue a Oishi Amazon since entered talvezgar was here for buskata in the
12:07 Hudson Vieira: communicate, which specific computational services personalities up, cabin is achievable against color. I see so far, CEO Profazio transfer, French painted, the car comed. Volume is importantly potential cruise to yet. They said anonymous.
12:40 felipe gomes: Thing.
12:41 Hudson Vieira: I want you not tell you assessing for my Santa Ange your ghost. Are you?
12:48 Hudson Vieira: Aprista. Sanchez AI's Clarity Cutter or numeria. Is it that something? Then check it was Jackie. Provocation, such as Now. Present you Guarantia Quality Digital data, Sugarproof pratamas, This is on the concept.
13:08 felipe gomes: Think see notes here in the prophecies fisherman. You don't like Keep it there,
13:20 Hudson Vieira: Same.
13:22 felipe gomes: you made it. How did Trabalia newsystem you that? I touch family Propertystone dealerships. That. You travel in a soccer during a sale for Yoshigea Nadu. Contractor. Yeah. Yeah. Implemental and I app was it running? Because systematic which don't give me. Father looking thank you to use voices don't think Waffle here for saving point for myself. In company is a Righteousness;?
14:16 Hudson Vieira: Consolidax. Mm-hmm.
14:32 felipe gomes: You know, changing for essential prevent you from a fish at the premier formagging thing, the Essays Integra Association in Quincy System is a dead. It's okay maize comments in Japan but if you don't follow, you guys want to kill
14:50 Hudson Vieira: This week. Okay.
14:54 felipe gomes: cool. French immediate. Tau Fe to go billion as myself at the room one to four Ginaging places in for myself. Yes. So early
15:10 Hudson Vieira: I, Is what was just I mean it just no no point of view. Add Gomes. This is our
15:15 felipe gomes: is that, I mean, so what
15:21 Hudson Vieira: photo. Phototherapy Thomasystem Frameworks. AMIGAO documentation is a diffee state on board brush, which is evoluish A history of almost conversation a property. You think this is a sharpies internally, each they should. There's a subtle. It is a sanji systems. Okay, where here's a decision tomatoes, if you care much for myself because
16:06 felipe gomes: Mm-hmm.
16:06 Hudson Vieira: She tell my mom to that. I should not that was supposed. Now, this is on complex, my visual communication system. Absolute dimension 2 to gomes on two digitizens. Systemic, you know, viable. We can move capacitage capacity of compartmental energy. This is only gomesiology marketing, if you know, sales funnies in Tunisia, ponto stationery is A As you should think it's going the therefore, my sausage on the point.
16:45 felipe gomes: No one.
16:45 Hudson Vieira: He no CPA they will support. SSI used to 4g form with my genomical.
16:51 felipe gomes: And then you say you got them calcium position Daniel to do my as each team has a key character. California. Miami. English Infinity says, Aparadin toys marriage. You without
17:19 Hudson Vieira: Say.
17:20 felipe gomes: She couldn't do that, on each it out. That's yet. Visit a valley that, but I do
17:35 Hudson Vieira: Okay.
17:42 felipe gomes: format Seattle to search, for us, LG to use properties, to be like insurance. Yes, I was playing this equation fast cloud. Setting up passage. Here's
17:57 Hudson Vieira: Okay.
17:58 felipe gomes: And what is in my problems that you may not?
18:05 Hudson Vieira: If I could understand.
18:12 felipe gomes: Mm-hmm.
18:12 Hudson Vieira: Also netspend also clean engineer operation. And Temuka says the same as important. And I mean, physical contractor has been problem. You clean something. This is attending us a stacks, okay? Very similar
18:31 Hudson Vieira: to Portland International. Dosa as Apache. If you come ice, a wedding region,
18:54 felipe gomes: Did you know that's a trucker G? Major system? A
19:00 Hudson Vieira: We go.
19:01 felipe gomes: As you think about this, but therefore, someone who knew myself from the other day, if you that value that you Gdf here, which is a promise preferences but also achieve, what Will Chimichita manage truck was each time?
19:25 Hudson Vieira: Be safe, Ifovanyakum Kumar cell. Okay, so we're supposed name is give me the before that confidence. She coulda your sorry so compatible out there is a Sunday in a cloud daily daily do little lamb of my social
19:41 felipe gomes: Yeah. Now, Billy is a billions in town for Falakovich.
19:59 Hudson Vieira: Uh-huh. Yeah, it was cute apprenticeshadow to me. Anything that is Digital communicable Guy. As you shut up. For example, constant sound, if you start school shopping, He almost.
20:29 felipe gomes: Donald Videos. Though you scared won't go to the economic you can.
  